Develop the front end code for each of the pages described. They should be clean, minimalist, and have cool JS animations. 

The product: In an era of rampant AI-driven disinformation and deepening political polarization, it’s harder than ever to discern what’s real, what’s fake, what’s biased, and what’s objective. Cogito is a web app designed to address this challenge through three core functions. First, it measures your political leanings with a short quiz. Then, it becomes a personalized news platform: when you search for a current event, Cogito shows you articles that reflect the opposite political bias of your own—so if you're a Democrat, you'll see Republican-leaning sources, and vice versa. Finally, Cogito features a state-of-the-art model that can detect political bias in any article or piece of writing. If you’re unsure whether a news source is trustworthy, just enter the link, and Cogito will tell you. The design: Branding -> Use a clean, friendly font like Comfortaa or Gill Sans. The color palette should be dark, muted, sophisticated colors. Different HTML pages: 1. Home page: Should introduce people to Cogito and our mission. It should be cool and futuristic, with a clean sliding animation. It should be similar to the homepage of an award-winning assignment. At the top, there should be a bar with all the different pages on the website. It should have a bias detector tab, a political quiz tab, and a news feed tab. 2. Bias detector tab: Again, it should have a cool, award-winning, sleek design. In the center of the page, have a clean text bar allowing the user to paste a link to his or her article. It should then display the results/the political bias of that text. 3. Political quiz tab: Simple quiz format. Should display the results on a “political compass”, with the compass pointing to whatever political leaning the user has. 4. News feed: Just like any news feed page. Should be clean with images having rounded corners. It should let the user search for anything, display all news results, and alongside each news article, the political leaning of the article.